Adding back XRootd multiuser support Software-4264 (#739)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/data/xrootd/install-standalone.md

#### Enabling Hadoop support (EL 7 Only)

Hadoop File System (HDFS) based sites should utilize the `xrootd-hdfs` plugin to allow XRootD to access their storage:

1. Install the XRootD HDFS plugin package:

        :::console
        root@host # yum install xrootd-hdfs

1. Add the following configuration to `/etc/xrootd/xrootd-clustered.cfg`:

        :::file
        ofs.osslib /usr/lib64/libXrdHdfs.so

For more information, see [the HDFS installation documents](/data/install-hadoop).

#### Enabling multi-user support

> By default XRootd servers write files on the storage system ad the Unix user `xrootd`, not as the user [authenticated](data/xrootd/xrootd-authorization) as.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default XRootD servers write files on the storage system aa the Unix user `xrootd` instead of the [authenticated](xrootd-authorization) user.
```

> The `xrootd-multiuser` plugins changes this behaviour:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to change this behavior, install the `xrootd-multiuser` plugin:
```

> 1. Install the XRootd Multiuser plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the XRootD multi-user plugin:
```

        :::console
        root@host # yum install xrootd-multiuser

> 1. Create configuration file `/etc/xrootd/config.d/50-enable-multiuser.cfg`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create configuration file `/etc/xrootd/config.d/50-enable-multiuser.cfg` with the following contents:
```

        :::file
        xrootd.fslib libXrdMultiuser.so default

> 1. Start the XRootd process in privileged mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start the XRootD process in privileged mode:
```

For documentation on how to export your Hadoop storage using XRootD please see
[this documentation](/data/xrootd/install-storage-element#optional-adding-hadoop-support-to-xrootd)

> #### Enabling Multi user support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enabling multi-user support
```
